Create 2023-07-05sport-event.md (#692)
SovereignCloudStack/website: _i18n/en/_posts/blog/2023-07-05-sport-event.md

---
layout: post
title:  "Get your butts up!"
author:
  - "Friederike Zelke"
avatar: 
  - "Zelke.jpg"
image: "blog/run.jpg"
---
{% asset 'blog/run.jpg' vips:format='.webp' style="width:100%; max-height: 350px; object-fit: cover;" %}
Also this year we want to continue the tradition to scale the run (or walk, or ride, ...). We will have our next sports event.

> We compete in teams of 3-4 attendees in the types of sport: running, cycling, hiking, swimming. But the teams will be random teams, so every attendee signs up with the hint in which sport he or she wants to compete, multiple choices are possible, if an attendee is able to compete in more than one type of sport. The SIG Community triggers the teams anonymized, depending on the mentioned sports. All team mates then get a mail to introduce their team and the sport to complete [Sign up here](https://scs.sovereignit.de/nextcloud/apps/forms/tBpJLwaArj4eRHpt)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We compete in teams of 3-4 attendees in the types of sport: running, cycling, hiking, swimming. The teams will be randomly composed. Every attendee signs up with the hint in which sport he or she wants to compete. Multiple choices are possible, if an attendee is able to compete in more than one type of sport. The SIG Community draws the teams anonymized, depending on the mentioned sports. All team mates will receive an email to introduce themselves to their respective teams and add their results. [Sign up here](https://scs.sovereignit.de/nextcloud/apps/forms/tBpJLwaArj4eRHpt)
```

Reviewer: I found it difficult to get it and tried to improved. Did I get it right, especially the last sentence?
